There are two kinds of folks
who sit around thinking
about how to kill people:
Psychopaths
and mystery writers.
I'm the kind that pays better.
Who am I?
I'm Rick Castle.
Castle.
I really am ruggedly handsome,
aren't I?
Every writer needs inspiration.
And I found mine.
Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett.
Aah!
Beckett?
Could you get some backup, please?
And thanks to my friendship
with the Mayor,
I get to be on her case.
Oh!
Do I look like a killer to you?
Yes, you kill my patience.
And together,
we catch killers.
I hate this case.
I know. Isn't it great?
Where'd he go?!
I lost him.
I think he went through here!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Castle, down on the ground, now!
Come on.
Are you guys re-enacting
the humpty dumpty crime scene?
It's the autumnal equinox
today.
Yeah, and according
to Mr. Wizard there,
it's the only time of year you
can balance an egg on its tip.
Don't you guys have work to do?
Nah.
No, not really.
Hmm. Well, now you do.
By the way, that whole thing
with the egg
is just urban legend.
Not true.
I saw Castle do it
last year.
What's wrong with you?
Still no word from him?
No.
Maybe you should call him.
He said that he would
be back the fall,
and it's fall, so clearly,
he has better things to do.
Maybe he's not back
from the Hamptons yet.
Maybe he's still working
on his book.
Beckett.
Yeah.
I need you people
to move back, please.
Ma'am, please get back.
Ooh.
Speaking of humpty dumpty.
Maybe somebody tried
to stand her up on her head.
After all, it is
the autumnal equinox.
It wasn't the fall
that killed her.
More like multiple
gunshot wounds to the torso
before doing a Greg Louganis
out that window up there.
Victim's name is Chloe Whitman.
Couple of pedestrians
heard shots and saw the body
fall out the window,
but when uniforms got here,
the apartment was empty.
There's no doorman on duty,
so, so far, no one recalls
seeing anyone flee the scene.
All right, have uniforms
start knocking on doors.
Find out what else
our neighbors didn't see.
Hey, it's Castle.
Guess he did
finish that book.
Nice of him
to send us a copy.
It looks like
he's back in town.
Nice of him to call.
All right, guys. You can stop
pining for your girlfriend.
After all, we got a body
full of holes.
So what else do we know
about our victim?
She's got a boyfriend.
Evan Murphy. He's on his way.
Okay, let's go upstairs
and see what else we can find.
He really is ruggedly handsome.
Mm.
From the spatter pattern, she
was backing away from the door.
After the first bullet hits her,
she tries to get away.
Got nowhere to go
but out the window.
So large caliber gun.
Round goes through her
and breaks the glass.
She goes diving out.
Looks like
she was leaving town.
Well, it wasn't a robbery.
Would you check these items
for fibers and prints?
If we're lucky,
there was a struggle.
Sure. We'll take care of it.
Beckett,
Chloe's boyfriend Evan is here.
So someone just came here
and shot her for no reason?
Well, usually, in cases
like these, there is a reason.
How long had you
and Ms. Whitman been dating?
About six months.
And was there anyone in her life
with violent tendencies,
maybe anyone that
she had disputes with?
No. No, she...
The worst thing I ever
saw her do was jaywalk.
What did she do for a living?
She's a teacher.
She was a teacher.
They all loved her.
Were you
expecting her over tonight?
No. Why?
Well, she packed an overnight bag.
That--
that doesn't make sense.
She--she has class tomorrow.
She wouldn't just leave
without saying anything.
Excuse me.
Victim had it in her hand.
It was in her fingers so tight,
I almost didn't see it.
This is an address in Tribeca.
Could be where she was going.
Only one way to find out.
The address is registered
to a Maya Santori.
32. She's clean.
No priors.
417?
Yeah.
Yeah, right there.
It's open.
NYPD!
NYPD! Let me see your hands.
Drop it, now!
Gun!
No!
Whoa!
Castle?
Beckett?
What are you doing here?
I... uh...
Down! Down!
Put it down!
Drop that gun now!
Drop the gun, stupid!
Drop the gun!
Yeah, no, no, it's okay.
Drop it, slimebag!
Whoa. Okay, guys, easy.
It's not what it looks like.
It never is. Turn around.
Castle, turn around.
Richard Castle,
you're under arrest for murder.
♪ Castle 3x01 ♪
A Deadly Affair
Original air date on September 20, 2010
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
Something's different.
Did you remodel?
You've been informed
of your rights, Mr. Castle?
Really?
You're not even gonna ask me
how my summer was?
You are aware that you're
under arrest for murder?
I thought you were being rough
with the cuffs just for fun.
You look good.
You look good, too.
Yeah?
For murder.
Why are you so mad at me?
Maybe because you were found
standing over a dead body
with a gun in your hand.
Yeah, but I told you,
she was dead when I got there.
Why didn't you call?
I was going to call you.
But then you showed up
before I could.
Really?
Well, then why did we find you
in our victim's apartment?
Well, because she called me.
Oh, so you and Ms. Santori
were in a relationship.
Well, I wouldn't say
it was a relationship.
I bought a couple
of sculptures from her.
Were you sleeping with her?
How is that relevant?
Motive.
Ah.
No, I wasn't
sleeping with her.
Are you sure?
Beautiful woman--
I'm in a relationship.
With whom?
Is that a new lipstick?
Castle.
You know with whom.
How should I know?
I haven't seen you in months.
You could've been
in dozens of relationships
with women since then.
You sound jealous.
Jealous of you dating your
second ex-wife and publisher?
Tell me, does she make you
do everything on a deadline?
So how about you?
You still with that,
uh, cop boyfriend of yours?
What was his name again--
Demming?
You broke up?
This victim that called you,
what was it about?
She said she was in trouble
and she couldn't go
to the police.
So why did she call you?
Because Maya knew I had
a relationship with you--ooh.
With the NYPD.
She thought I could help.
Help how?
Well, she didn't say.
She just told me to come over.
When I got the, the door
was open. The place was trashed.
She was dead on the bed,
and there was a gun
on the floor.
So you, being the expert veteran
of dozens of crime scenes,
decided to pick up
the murder weapon to,
what, ensure that
we had your prints?
Maybe you missed the part
where I said she was shot dead.
When I heard the noises
coming from the next room,
I thought whoever killed her
was coming back.
So I picked up the gun
to defend myself.
It seemed like a very good idea
at the time. That's when you,
Esposito and Annie Oakley come
bursting through the door.
Annie Oakley?
Detective Esposito was responding--
I am not a threat...
I kinda almost shot Castle.
What? He had a gun.
Shoulda let you shoot him.
It would've served him right
for not calling.
We should be
at the crime scene
looking for clues.
So tell me,
why should I believe you,
considering that you pretty much
make up stories for a living?
Because you know me.
Do you know her?
Chloe Whitman.
She was shot to death.
Your friend's address
was found in her hands
after she was killed.
Another murder?
What's their connection?
I don't know. You were the one
with the gun. You tell me.
Beckett, a word.
Hey, Captain.
How's it going?
What? You, too?
Real--
come on, guys.
C.S.U. recovered the slugs
from Maya Santori
and Chloe Whitman's place.
The gun was a .45.
Castle was holding a .38.
So it must have belonged
to the victim for self-defense,
which means that Castle
was telling the truth.
But I'd be happy to hold him
if you like.
You're free to go.
Well, that's it?
Bullets don't match your gun.
You're off the hook.
I'm--ooh!
So what's our next move?
There isn't one,
at least not for you.
You're going home.
Whoa, whoa, whoa
two victims, one of 'em
an acquaintance of mine,
and you're sending me home?
You're a witness, Castle.
I can't have you involved.
I'm already involved.
Castle, go home.
Go back to your Hamptons,
your ex-wife,
your book parties.
Okay? I've got work to do.
What did I do?
Darling!
Hello! Oh,
you must see this video.
It's absolutely...
Charming.
A penguin smacks another penguin
into an ice hole.
I'll show you.
Ah, maybe later.
Oh, you look as if someone
smacked you into an ice hole.
I stopped by the precinct.
I thought you weren't going back
till after the book tour.
Yeah, well, fate intervened.
Someone I know was murdered today.
Oh, lord.
Dad, that's awful. Who?
Maya. The woman who made
that sculpture for me.
Any leads?
No, not yet.
So how is everyone?
Beckett have
a nice summer?
Yeah, everyone's fine.
Now why don't I believe you?
Aren't you with Chet
on Tuesdays?
Oh! That was never
set in stone.
Besides,
Alexis is in crisis.
The young man
from the summer program
still hasn't called her.
Despite the fact he said we'd talk
when he got back from Europe,
which he already did.
Well, if you knew he was back,
why don't you just call him?
He's the one who went away.
I mean, if he still cared,
he would've called.
Maybe he was going to,
but he didn't know
how you'd feel about it.
Maybe he was worried
that something had changed
while he was away.
Oh, Richard Castle,
that is the stupidest thing
I ever heard.
Have I taught you nothing
about relationships?
You're a shining example. Just
how big a deal is this anyway?
I don't know if I even
want to see him anymore.
Oh, come on. You're not even
giving him a chance.
Why are you siding with him?
I'm not. I ju--
maybe he'll do something
that will make it right.
Maybe he'll just--
maybe he'll surprise you.
Maybe he missed his chance.
If you ask me, you shoulda
locked him up just outta spite.
No, that'd be unethical...
Making the people down
in holding deal with him.
True.
Hey. Whoa.
So... ballistics ran
a comparison
of the slugs
from the two murders.
They're from the same gun.
Anything on the canvass?
Well, we showed Chloe's photos
to Maya's friends and neighbors.
They don't recognize her.
And Chloe's boyfriend
and her colleagues
from her prep school,
they don't know Maya either.
Okay, so we've got...
A High School
chemistry teacher
and a sculptor
who live on
two different sides of town
and by all accounts, run in
completely different circles.
They're both killed
on the same day
and by the same person.
There lives
must intersect somehow.
All right,
run phones and financials.
Let's see if anything pops.
On it.
I'm gonna go and see Lanie
and see if she's found anything.
Ryan!
Hey, L.T.
Hey, Castle.
Back on the beat.
Yeah, looking that way.
Is, uh, Beckett here?
Finished her sweep
about an hour ago.
Did she find anything?
Nothing useful.
Mind if I take
a look around?
Hey, brother.
Yeah.
Looks like you missed one.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey I hear you made
an interesting arrest today.
You want to talk about it?
No.
Okay.
Keep holding that stuff in.
You gon' get an ulcer.
Anything unusual?
You mean besides the gunshots?
Yeah,
I'm looking for anything
that will connect
these two victims.
They both had tattoos.
Everyone has tattoos.
Chloe Whitman, our jumper,
has a Rose.
And Ms. Santori
has a mermaid...
On her back.
Looking at the work, it could
be the same tattoo artist.
Anything else?
It may be nothing,
but I found this
on Ms. Whitman's hand.
"2-2-7
could be an apartment number,
gym locker code,
and looking how faded it is,
I'd say she wrote it
about a week ago.
Okay.
Oh, and I found these
in Ms. Santori's pockets.
Cab receipts?
Dated today, just a few hours
before she was killed.
Okay, I'll call up
the cab company,
see if we can retrace
her whereabouts.
Are you sure you don't want
to talk about it?
Positive!
Beckett.
Yo.
We just got the phone records
back on our vics.
Turns out they did have
a connection.
They both received phone calls
from the same number
within hours of their deaths.
Were you able to run it down?
Yeah, it traced back
to a Todd McCutchin.
He's got priors including
robbery and domestic assault.
You got an address?
Yeah, we got an address.
Let me see your hands!
I said let me see your h--
Oh, hi.
I can explain.
Turn around.
Oh, would you just listen to me, please?
Why? You don't listen to me.
Look, I was doing some digging
around on my own.
That's not a crime, is it?
No, but criminal trespassing is,
and so is murder.
I was just trying to help.
I don't need your help.
How did you get here anyway?
I was following up a lead,
same as you.
Oh, really? So you subpoenaed
the victims' phone records
and looked for commonalities?
No, not exactly.
Then what?
Ow! Okay! I star-6-9'ed.
I star-6-9'ed.
You star-69'ed?
Yes, on Maya's phone.
I figured it would give me
her last call.
It rang up McCutchin here. I got
his name from his voice mail,
and then I did a Web search.
Tell me you're not impressed.
You went
to an active crime scene
without authorization.
Uh...
Yeah.
But I wore gloves.
Yo, Beckett.
His body's cold.
He's been dead for hours.
See? I didn't kill him.
Slugs?
We'll have to run ballistics,
but the entry wounds are
the same size as our other vics.
Odd.
What?
Well, the guy's in vending machines.
Not an obvious choice
to be running around
with an artist
and a prep school teacher.
Hmm.
Okay, so let's get C.S.U.
down here
to look for fibers and prints.
And have them start looking
for commonalities
between
the three crime scenes.
Let's start digging
into their lives.
If they were on the same
dating site, I want to know.
If they were in the same
12-step program, I want to know.
How can I help?
Look, Castle,
I'm sorry about your friend.
I really am, but that doesn't
mean that you can just show up
and act like
nothing has happened.
The truth is,
is if you wanted to come back,
you would've already,
but you didn't.
So let's just face it.
The only reason
that you're here right now
is because you were
at the wrong place
at the wrong time.
You ever stop and think, maybe
I was waiting to hear from you?
Do you know what
these bodies are? A sign.
A sign?
A sign.
A sign from the universe
telling us we need
to solve this case together.
You don't want to let
the universe down, do you?
You're not gonna go away
no matter what I do, are you?
I respect the universe.
Okay. Fine.
I will let you join me
on this one case
as long as you promise
to do what I say when I say it
and not to do
any investigating on your own.
I promise.
You won't regret this.
I already do.
Starting now.
What is it
about the refrigerator?
Is it the cold, the light
or the combination of the two?
I can't sleep.
Ah, the boy.
He finally called.
Great.
I didn't answer.
Why not?
I was mad. I thought
he'd leave a message,
but he didn't.
So now what do I do?
He knows I know he called.
But if call back right away,
then clearly I'm admitting
I was waiting for his call.
How long do I need to wait
to call him back,
a day, at least a day,
maybe two?
Maybe you should get
a new boyfriend and start over.
You're not very good at this,
are you?
Apparently not.
Anything?
Uh, we tracked down
Todd McCutchin's fiancée.
She's on her way.
You find anything
in their background checks?
Well, we went as far back
as grade school,
and nothing has popped yet.
Hmm. Maybe they're
top CIA agents
targeted for termination,
huh?
CIA's a popular theory
with you.
Yes, well,
law of averages demands
that I'll eventually
be right.
I've forgotten how helpful
your insights can be.
Oh, yeah?
I bet I figure out how they're
connected before you do.
All right. You're on.
But if I win,
you have to promise to go away
and never interfere
with any of my cases again.
Fine. And if I win...
You have to take me back
as your partner.
Deal.
What if
they figure it out first?
Nah.
What are you two
talking about?
Castle was just apologizing
for not calling.
So what'd you guys find?
Forensics
that blood smear
that Castle found
in Maya's apartment--
it's a match to Todd McCutchin's.
And C.S.U. found
some of McCutchin's blood
on Maya's shoe.
Which means that your friend
was at his place
either during
or after the murder.
Ran down those cab receipts
from her pocket.
According to the taxi company,
they picked her up
outside McCutchin's apartment
yesterday morning,
took her somewhere in the Bowery.
The Bowery?
Yeah.
Then 20 minutes later,
they picked her up and they
dropped her off at home.
It was just after that
that she called me.
Beckett,
McCutchin's fiancée is here.
I'm sorry.
I've never seen them before.
Are you sure?
Your fiancé had a record.
Is it possible he was involved
in... uh, anything illegal?
Todd was a good man.
I know he did some bad things
in the past, but...
He got himself
his own business.
He was totally legit now.
Only...
Only what?
A couple months ago, Todd hurt
his back and couldn't work.
The bank wanted to take away
his business, so...
He borrowed some money from
a guy in the neighborhood.
This guy...
He's no good.
Did he threaten Todd?
Todd was making payments,
but he fell behind.
A couple weeks back, the man
came to the house with a gun.
He said
he was gonna kill Todd
if he didn't pay back
what he owed.
I loaned him money.
15 g's. So what?
Mr. Carbino,
we have a witness
who says that you threatened to kill him.
So?
So now he's dead.
Yeah, I could see that.
Look, Detective, first off,
15 g's is not an amount of money
worth killing for.
Not unless you've exhausted
other avenues,
to which I had not.
And secondly,
and more to the point,
your boy here, he paid me back
the entire sum plus interest.
Do you really expect me
to believe that?
No, I don't,
sweetheart.
But that don't mean
it ain't true.
His alibi checks.
He was in Jersey
all day yesterday
shopping at Short Hills
with the missus.
Wow, lucky girl.
Doesn't mean he didn't do it.
He coulda hired someone.
Yeah, to kill McCutchin,
but why Maya and Chloe?
Maybe they witnessed the hit.
Maybe they cosigned the loan.
Do we have
McCutchin's financials?
Yeah, they should all
be up shortly. Why?
Uh, well,
Carbino said that, uh,
McCutchin paid off his debt
in full plus interest.
I was just thinking,
that's a lot of money...
For a guy in
the vending machine business.
And I thought, maybe,
where did that money come from?
You know, all of McCutchin's
accounts were overdrawn?
And then suddenly, 2 weeks ago,
$9,500 appears in his savings.
Two weeks ago?
Yeah. On the, uh, the 7th.
There was a deposit made
in Maya Santori's account
on the 7th
for the same amount.
What about Chloe Whitman?
$9,500
deposited on the 7th.
Which means they were all
receiving money
from the same source.
And spending it in the same place.
Both Maya Santori
and Chloe Whitman
had charges on their credit card
for a place called K.C.B.C.--
both of them
on the 9th and the 16th,
both of them small amounts,
less than 20 bucks.
Same thing with McCutchin.
The restaurant where they met?
All right, call up the bank.
Let's see if they can help us
track who made those deposits.
And I'd like to contact
the credit card company
to find out what this K.C.B.C. is.
On it.
Don't think that this means
that you won the bet.
All we know is that
they are connected.
We still don't know how.
I missed you, too.
Hey.
Bad news.
According to the banks,
our victims' deposits
were made in cash.
There's no way
to trace the payments.
And since the deposits were
less than $10,000,
there was no report made to the I.R.S.
Which means that our victims
were most likely involved
in something illegal.
Just so you know,
I got that from "Shot to Death."
So?
So...
What illegal activity
involves vending machines,
an artist and a High School teacher?
I know.
Even the stuff I'm making up
in my head doesn't make sense.
the credit card companies.
I talked to the credit card companies.
K.C.B.C. bills through
an Internet
card processing service.
There's no address on file.
We can't even track it down?
I didn't say that.
There's no address on file,
but they do register the I.S.P.
of every swiped card transaction
that goes through.
So I had tech track it down.
Whoever ran those charges
did it from this address.
I got this.
Castle, road trip.
Uh, thank you.
You sure this is the place?
As sure as you are.
This doesn't look like
a credit card kind of place.
This looks more like
a "get shot and robbed"
kind of place.
There's...
What are you doing?
That was the number
on Chloe's hand.
Ooh!
She was here.
♪ you give me fever ♪
♪ In the morning ♪
♪ what a lovely way to burn ♪
♪ you give me fever ♪
♪ fever, fever,
fever, fever, fever ♪
♪ you give me fever ♪
♪ never know
how much I love you ♪
♪ never know how much I care ♪
♪ when you put your arms
around me ♪
♪ I get a fever
that's so hard to bear ♪
♪ you give me fever ♪
This place--it's like
the circus with alcohol.
How have I never been here before?
You think this is crazy,
you should see some of
the clubs I've been to.
♪
♪ yeah, you give me fever ♪
What can I get you?
Information.
Do you recognize
these people?
♪
They're part of Kitty's burlesque troupe.
Kitty's troupe
Kitty Canary.
She runs the place.
And where can I find
this this Kitty?
♪
♪ you give me fever ♪
They're really dead?
I'm afraid so.
Your bartender said that they
were a part of your troupe.
Chloe would dance
from time to time.
Todd had a snake act.
What about Maya?
She was more of a patron.
She came for inspiration.
Hey, I just heard.
Detective, this is
my husband Earl.
He runs the burlesque with me.
Do you know what happened?
We're looking into it.
Right now, the only connection
that we can find is this club.
Well, you don't think
someone here killed them?
How well did you know them?
They were work friends.
You know, "hi, how are you?"
Although Maya and Chloe
did come to the shop once
to get tattoos.
My day job.
Did the three of them spend
a lot of time together?
No more so than anybody else.
Did they spend a lot of time
with anyone else here?
Not that I noticed.
Do you have a mailing list
of your regulars?
Yes. I can get a copy if you want.
Yes, and I'll also need a list
of all of your employees
and any other members
of your troupe.
Of course.
Can you think of
any other connection
between the three of them?
Well, there w--
there was the incident.
♪
A couple of weeks ago,
Chloe's boyfriend came around.
Apparently, he didn't like
her dancing here.
He got a little rough.
Both Maya and Todd intervened.
Evan was drunk,
yelling all kinds
of crazy stuff.
What kind of stuff?
"I know what you're doing.
I know all about it."
I guess he thought she was
screwing someone else.
Okay, so I followed Chloe
to the club that night,
but only because she was
acting weird, secretive,
and I thought she was seeing
another guy.
Mr. Murphy, why didn't you
tell us this before?
That I'd been fighting
with my girlfriend,
that I'd threatened her?
I know how cops work.
And when you found out
about the other victims,
that they were all there at the club?
I didn't kill her.
I didn't kill any of them.
What would you have done?
I would try to help find
her killer.
But if I had told you then
what you know now,
would you have looked
any further than me?
Mr. Murphy,
the money in Chloe's account,
where did it come from?
What money?
So he admits to the fights
and the threats,
but he claims not to know
anything about the money...
Or how our victims
are connected
other than the events
of that night.
Do you believe him?
It doesn't matter what I believe.
He's a viable suspect.
Hey, Ryan.
I need you to get a search
warrant for Evan Murphy's place.
And, Esposito, how are things
going over there?
We ran the club's mailing list
for people with priors.
These are the ones
that have popped so far.
All right, run 'em for
any connections with our vics.
Right on.
What?
I've seen this guy's face.
That's the same guy.
Maya knew him.
"Xander Doyle."
Weapons charges,
conspiracy to distribute,
and apparently,
he lives in the Bowery.
How much you want to bet
Maya was on her way to see him
after McCutchin's murder?
Yeah, sure. I knew Maya.
I met her at the club
a few months back.
And what was
the nature of your relationship?
She said she liked
the way I looked.
You know how it goes.
When was the last time
you saw her?
Mr. Doyle, we have evidence
that indicates
that Maya came to see you
the day she died.
Look, she said she was
in trouble. She needed my help.
What kind of trouble?
She wouldn't say.
Someone must have been
after her.
And why would you say that?
'Cause the reason
she came to see me is,
she wanted to borrow a gun.
That's why she was armed.
She saw what happened to McCutchin.
She figured she'd be next.
Mr. Doyle, did Maya give you
any indication
as to what she might have
been involved in?
No.
If I was a betting man...
I ran into Maya
a few weeks ago on the street.
She gave me a hug.
I could smell it.
You could smell what?
That sick smell--paint thinner,
acetone, bleach.
I got a buddy who smells like
that. You know what he does?
He makes meth.
It's so obvious.
I can't believe I didn't
think of it sooner.
Do you really think
it was meth?
It's the only thing
that makes any sense.
All of our victims
were struggling financially.
One night after the club closes,
they're all together
talking about their money woes
until our High School
chemistry teacher cracks a smile
and says, "well, we could
always make meth."
But the others don't laugh.
They say,
"yeah, we could make meth."
Just like that cable show.
I'm telling you, it's drugs.
It's not drugs.
Are you sure?
Yes, and your guy was right
about the chemicals.
I found trace amounts
of bleach, acetone,
sodium chloride and ammonia
on all three bodies.
So how can you tell it's not drugs?
Because of what's missing.
If your guys
had been cooking up meth
or any other street-lab drugs,
there would be
other substances present,
not to mention the trace amounts
of the finished product.
That being said, they definitely
were up to something.
Hmm.
Beckett.
Hey, it's Ryan.
That search warrant on
Evan Murphy's place?
It paid off.
We found the murder weapon.
I swear to God, I've never seen
that before in my life.
Then what was it doing
in your place?
I don't know!
What really happened the night
that you followed Chloe
to the club?
I told you, we fought.
About what?
And do not say the affair.
What were the four of you into?
Evan, what's the connection?
Why did you kill them?
I want a lawyer. I'm not saying
anything else without a lawyer.
P.D.'s office has been notified.
They're sending someone over.
Okay, notify the D.A.
Maybe they can cut us a deal
and help us figure out
what was really going on.
I know that look.
What look?
That "something doesn't add up"
look.
It's just the lab report
on the murder weapon.
What about it?
They didn't find
any fingerprints.
He probably wiped it down.
Why would he wipe it down
if he was gonna hang on to it?
Maybe he was going to ditch it
but didn't get around to it.
Mm.
Ditching it would be the first
thing that he would do.
Maybe he thought
he still needed it.
To kill someone else?
Or protect himself.
Hey, yo, Beckett.
Financials came back
on your boy Evan.
There's no unusual activity.
Maybe that was his motive.
Whatever it was they were up to,
he didn't get his cut.
But what was his cut? I mean,
what the hell were they into?
It's like a bad joke--
a sculptor,
a vending machine salesman
and a chemistry teacher
walk into a burlesque bar.
Yeah, only we don't
have a punch line.
Other than they made a bunch of
money and got themselves killed.
"Made a bunch of money."
What?
A sculptor who works
with metal, a chemist...
And a vending machine
operator...
I think I know
what our victims were up to.
Do we still have
Chloe's purse?
Whoa.
What are you looking for?
Aha!
Take a look
at the serial numbers
on those bills.
They're the same.
These bills are all pre-1998.
That's before
they redesigned the currency.
That's our punch line. That's
how these people are connected.
In counterfeiting, the hardest
thing to make is the paper.
But they had all the paper
they needed.
They had an unlimited supply of $1 Bills.
From the vending machines.
And those chemicals we found
on our victims' bodies...
Were used to whitewash
the singles
in order to make
blank bank notes.
A procedure requiring
the expertise of a chemist.
And what do counterfeiters do
with blank bank notes?
Print larger denominations,
for which they need
a metal press plate.
And who better to provide that
than a sculptor?
So...
Plates, paper...
There's only
one missing ingredient.
I know who the killer is!
Come on. Let's go.
Come on! Hurry up!
Get the plates! The plates!
Going somewhere?
Let me see your hands.
Step away from the bags
and walk forward.
Yeah, they're fake.
What gave me away?
The missing ingredient.
Ink. And who better to
provide it than a tattoo artist?
That and Evan Murphy.
You knew that we'd follow up
after you told us that story,
so you planted that gun, but you
just didn't have enough time
to put his prints on it,
did you?
Sweep the area--
look out!
Oh!
Go! Go! Get him!
Move! Move! Move!
Let's go! Let's go! Come on!
He's over there!
Let's get him! Come on!
Where's Kitty?
The money's gone.
You stay here.
What if they come back?
Hey! Hey!
He's out here.
You got him?
I think he went around
this way.
Do you see him?
I don't see him.
Come on! Police!
Police!
Show yourself. NYPD.
Come out.
Castle,
down on the ground, now!
Aah!
Aah! Oh-ohh-oh!
Oh.
Drop it. Drop it.
Don't move.
Stay on the ground,
right where you are.
Turn over. Stay where you are.
Don't touch the gun.
Yeah.
They hatched the plan
late one night at the club.
They figured, victimless crime,
nobody would get hurt.
Kitty and Earl would launder
the bills through the club
and then make cash payments
to the others.
It sounds like they had
a sweet deal going on.
How'd it all go wrong?
Todd McCutchin.
He was getting squeezed by
a loan shark, figured he'd try
to make a payment
with counterfeit bills.
The shark threatened
to rat him out
unless he turned over
the operation.
Maya and Chloe were willing,
but Kitty and Earl weren't.
And when Todd confronted them,
he had no idea
who he was dealing with.
Kitty Canary,
A.K.A. Carla Breezer.
She was a stripper in Seattle.
She did a nickel
for a manslaughter charge
for trying to run over
her boyfriend.
When she got out, she got
a new name, new boyfriend
and even changed coasts.
She wasn't the type of girl
to let Todd take her down.
They had everything
they needed--
the chemical formulas,
the plates.
All they had to do
was get rid of the others.
Nice work, you two.
Very impressive.
But tomorrow, I want you
to tell me the story
about how Castle got your gun.
So, uh...
I guess you won the bet.
Yeah.
But look, if you don't
want me to--
no, no, no. No.
You won fair and square.
So...
See you tomorrow?
See you tomorrow.
So...
How long before Castle
did you know this was
about counterfeiting?
♪ Aching,
caught in a hurricane ♪
♪ it's taking ♪
♪ every muscle to move again ♪
♪ and sleepless nights ♪
♪ Lazy sundays ♪
uh-huh. Thank you.
♪ Heavy eyes,
it's a case of the mondays ♪
is that...
Yeah. She's been on the phone
for over an hour.
So who called whom first?
What's it matter...
As long as they connected?
♪ Do, do, do ♪
Thank you.
-- sync, corrected by elderman --
-- for www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org